feat: Multi Dev Portal (#7561)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/api-products/productize-service.md

1. Select **API Product** from the API products dashboard to add a new API product.

1. Create a new name for your API product, and enter an optional **Description** and any **labels** that you want to associate with the product, then click **Create**. 

> 

Reviewer: can we format lines 31-40? the curl command is not formatted correctly: https://deploy-preview-7561--kongdocs.netlify.app/konnect/api-products/productize-service/#create-an-api-product

You will be greeted by the dashboard for the API product that you just created. You can use this dashboard to manage an API product. You can read more about this dashboard on the API products [overview page](/konnect/api-products/)

> {% endnavtab %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endnavtab %}

can we format lines 31-40? the curl command is not formatted correctly: https://deploy-preview-7561--kongdocs.netlify.app/konnect/api-products/productize-service/#create-an-api-product
```

{% navtab Konnect UI %}
After creating a new API product, you can attach an API product version to it.

1. In {% konnect_icon api-product %} [**API Products**](https://cloud.konghq.com/api-products), click the API product you want to create the version for and then click **Product Versions**, then click **New Version**.

1. Enter a version name. For example `v1`.

>      A version name can be any string containing letters, numbers, or characters;

Reviewer: change "A service can have multiple versions." to "An API Product can have multiple versions."

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Konnect UI %}

1. In {% konnect_icon api-product %} [**API Products**](https://cloud.konghq.com/api-products), select the API product that you created in the previous step.

> 1. Click **Add** next to the API product or products you want to publish to the Dev Portal and then click **Finish**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Add** on the API Product Overview page and select "Publish to Dev Portals" from the drop down menu. You will see a modal to prompting you to select which Dev Portals you want to publish your API Product to. Click "Publish" for the Dev Portals you want to publish it. Then click **Finish**. 
```

> 1. Repeat steps 1-3 for any other Dev Portals you want to add the API product to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. In {% konnect_icon api-product %} [**API Products**](https://cloud.konghq.com/api-products), select the API product you added to the Dev Portal. 
1. Click **Product Versions** in the sidebar.

> 1. Click the product version you created previously and in the **Dev Portals** tab, click **Browse Dev Portals** and select the Dev Portals you want to add the product version to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the product version you created previously and either under the **Actions** button or the **Dev Portals** tab, click **Publish to Dev Portals** and select the Dev Portals you want to add the product version to.

If want to require authentication on your API Product version, toggle **Require Authentication** to true. Note: If you require authentication you will need to select which authentication strategy your API should use. Portal admins can set default auth strategies for their portals so that API Owners don't need to worry about which auth strategy to select. By default, every portal comes with a key auth auth strategy.
```

>     Product versions are published by default when you select Dev Portals, you can disable publishing while configuring the Dev Portals if you'd like to publish them later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The API product and product versions should now display in the Dev Portals you selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API product and product versions you published should now be displayed in the Dev Portals you selected.
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab API %}

1. Before you publish the API product version, you must first assign the API product to any Dev Portals by issuing a `PATCH` request to the [`/api-products/{id}](/konnect/api/api-products/latest/#/API%20Products/update-api-product) endpoint:

    ```sh
    curl --request PATCH \

>         --url https://{region}.api.konghq.com/v2/api-products/{ApiProductId} \

Reviewer: 'ApiProductId' should just be 'id' right? https://docs.konghq.com/konnect/api/api-products/latest/#/API%20Products/update-api-product

        --header 'Authorization: <personal-access-token>' \
        --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        --data '{
        "portal_ids": [
            "4602b8cc-92fb-4197-b836-3eab20b16147"
        ]
    }'
    ```

>     Be sure to replace `{ApiProductId}`, `name`, and `portal_ids` with your own values.

Reviewer: where is 'name'? I don't see that used anywhere

1. You can publish an API product version by issuing a `POST` request to the [`/api-product-versions/`](/konnect/api/api-products/latest/#/API%20Product%20Versions/create-api-product-version) endpoint. Ensure you replace `{ApiProductId}` with the API product ID returned in the previous step. 

    ```sh
    curl -X 'POST' \
        'https://{region}.api.konghq.com/v2/api-products/{ApiProductId}/product-versions' \
        -H 'accept: application/json' \
        -H 'Authorization: Bearer <personal-access-token>' \

>         -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \

Reviewer: Can we update the summary (lines 148-154) to:

## Summary
In this section, you created an API product and created an API Product version with a linked Gateway Service. You then published both the API Product and API Product version to one or more Dev Portals.

## More information
* [Add API product documentation](/konnect/dev-portal/publish-service/): Learn how to add your API spec and API product documentation to the Dev Portal so your developers can more easily consume your APIs.
